Add libimobiledevice / update iproxy (@NVISOSecurity) (#3099)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tools/ios/MASTG-TOOL-0126.md

---
title: libimobiledevice suite
platform: ios
host:
- macOS
- windows
- linux
source: https://libimobiledevice.org/
---

> The libimobiledevice suite is cross-platform protocol library for interacting with iOS devices. The different libraries can be compiled into binaries for direct interaction with iOS devices from the commandline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The libimobiledevice suite is a cross-platform protocol library for interacting with iOS devices. The different libraries can be compiled into binaries for direct interaction with iOS devices from the command line.
```

Reviewer: Is it `commandline` or `command line`?
